


Video is uploaded here but also available at : http://www.youtube.com/@pashmakseller9733

All of the process and the resources have been recorded and included in this Git Repository. 

Disclaimer: Daily Progress Log is only for demonstration of the process and is not intended for an academic and formal descriptive report. The Main report will be separately uploaded and submitted. 

23-Oct-2025-15-Dec-2025 __ -- __ -- __ Basically, during these weeks, I had some big challenges in my personal life. I had to take some time off the project and work on extra shifts, travelling extra for projects by my company. However, although this damaged my project to some extent, it helped me too. After I get some space from the project, I realise what the professor was saying last semester about software design. I understand that the feasibility of the project and its structure are really important. I wanted to implement such a big game in a short time, but thanks to those memories of the lectures, I managed to finish everything without any damage to my project and process. I also learned a lot about myself and software design. I figured out that software is also like any other major; it is an art, a way of thinking, and a process, not the lines of code that are executed by pc. I had the opportunity to meet some great people from all different companies. Meanwhile, some big names like Siemens, McDermott, Total EN, Woodfibre, QatarGas, and ... they all taught me a lot, which helped me with my project. They gave me the passion to explore and learn more, they were so kind and passionate about my explaining my project and overall view of my future exploring and mixing the software engineering with my other majors. I think I learned in these two or three months more than my 23 years on this world. Anyway, I would not make it philosophical and explain the project. I changed my project from a game with 8 mini games inside to a single mini game. I will make those eight games, but I postponed them to the New Year holidays and focused on my primary goal for this project. my primary goal was to explore different ways of playing games trying to use different views and styles which now in industry not common anymore, I implemented the side view which can be turn ( I know it is useless but I find it quiet nice because it gave 2000s vibe and like pixel art futuristic ) then I also wanted to see how user behave and what effect will my game have on system. I was completely right because first I had some problems with the refresh rate and the game was doomed, but using the data, I changed it to 60Hz and adjusted the game so it would be functional and fun to play. I know there are so many areas to explore and fix, and it could have been muuuuch better, but this is a thing that I completely love and am proud of. 

22-Oct-2025  __ -- __ -- __ In new update I want to tweek a few things here and there, my plan is to make the program more dynamic, challenging, and smart. __ -- __ -- __
In upcoming update I will add two new system that will change a few core part of the code so I need to update the graphs and diagrams in addition to the code itself. First update is the 2D <=> 3D Cognitive Switching & Control Mapping, through this new update, I will mix both two view modes in order to analyze the interaction and behavior of the users. Also, using this new system user based on their reaction and their behavior will get either more 2D or 3D view which in the end will help the comparision of both groups to see their play-time and code flow. Second Update is Input-to-Photon Latency & Fairness Across Platforms, with this, I will try to not only make the user interaction and experience joyful. in addition I will try to implement internal benchmarking system in order to compare the difference between two runtime and all platforms. these implementations should make this project more innovative and intractive, aim here is to not only develop a high level engineering project but also improve, challange, analyze, and implement new ways into the current status of these project in order to make a change. If the results and data I gathered was sufficient and high quality enough I will turn this project to a small academic research paper and use the data I have to publish it as a resume for myself. 

16-Oct-2025  __  -- __ -- __ I'm coming back from the project in munich and on bus I decided some parts of the project that I want to move forward with I will try to make the changes and to see what happens and to see whether I like it or not.  __ -- __ -- __
It’s going to be a spooky, fun game, kind of Halloween-themed with friendly vampires and stuff. The main character gets lost trying to find their way to a party and faces a bunch of challenges along the way. The setting is a place called Babuland, and they’ll meet different people and play mini-games to tackle each problem. I’m thinking about 6-8 mini-games, each with its own style, like cute puzzles. For some cool innovation, I want to incorporate modern physics and gameplay mechanics, so it'll involve some tricky Java development. The game will be single-player, but there should be a leaderboard showing just first names and scores. If someone’s score is too low, there’ll be a scene where they get kicked out, which adds a competitive edge. At the start, I’ll ask for their name and some questions. For controls, it’d be great to have keyboard support, and mouse controls would be a nice touch too. Ideally, I want the same code to work for Android devices or even on a webpage, so everyone can join in. I’m planning to use JavaFX for graphics, but I’m open to other options if needed. The audio will be a mix of copyright-free tunes and some snippets from characters. Overall, the idea is that players get lost, play mini-games to earn points, and those points will have some challenges involved because there won’t be a clear winner. I also want to switch between 2D and 3D visuals during the game, alternating between side and top-down views, both in third-person perspective.

07-Oct-2025 __ -- __ -- __ I totally fell in love with making diagrams, flow charts, bar charts, and a bunch of other things, which at this point I'm turning to the Marshall. For now, I have made some basic things that I have in my mind and want to move forward with. I will probably change them along the path, but for now, I decided on these ones __ -- __ -- __

I want to create a Java app for a Halloween party game featuring cute cats, designed to be fun and chill in an 8-bit pixel art style. 
This will also be my semester project, and I want to include something new and innovative, but I’m still brainstorming ideas.
I plan to make it a PC game and set up a landing page online. Plus, I’ll create a poster for a competition where the winner will receive prizes and an invite to the party. 

I will need help mainly with the mini games, as I want it to be a small indie game. I’ll work on the visuals myself, but the focus should be on using Java for the development. 
It’s important that I stick to object-oriented programming principles, and this is a high-level engineering project. 






